##Matchmaking##

AllSquads is an international Website, therefore, you may meet people in squads that do not speak your own language. Please keep your comments polite and courteous. Favoured communication language is English.

Hate speech, politics, religion, NSFW, spam, and insults are all unacceptable topics on this Website and may potentially result in permanent ban

Many of the Website features require you to have an active Warframe account. You can verify your account by logging in from top-right. Similarly if you change your in game name you can re-verify your account to update your profile.

Our moderators are here to help, and keep the peace. If you have been reported by another player, it is a moderator's job to investigate; so please don't be hostile if they ask you questions.

Make sure to commit to your joined squads: once it fills, you have to get ready to play in maximum 5 minutes, preferably under 2 minutes.

Leaving a squad mid-game, such as for trading and similar purposes, is strictly prohibited.

Any member(s) found to be abusing the squad fill mechanism to farm reputation or gain respective benefits without any intention to actually running the mission will be suspended from squads and/or receive complete reputation reset.

##Use of Website##

By accessing this Website, you are agreeing to be bound by these Website Terms and Conditions of Use and agree that you are responsible for the agreement with any applicable local laws. If you disagree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from accessing this site.

##Site Terms of Use Modifications##

AllSquads may revise these Terms of Use for its Website at any time without prior notice. By using this Website, you are agreeing to be bound by the current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.

##Your Privacy##

Please read our Privacy Policy.

##Use License##

Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials on AllSquads's Website for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:

• modify or copy the materials;
• use the materials for any commercial purpose or for any public display;
• attempt to reverse engineer any software contained on AllSquads's Website;
• remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
• transferring the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.